doc: Added documentation about DFU compression for Matter template (#21422)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/end_product/bootloader.rst

The :ref:`downgrade protection <ug_fw_update_image_versions_mcuboot_downgrade>` mechanism makes it impossible for an attacker to trick a user to install a firmware image older than the currently installed one.
The attacker might want to do this to reintroduce old security vulnerabilities that have already been fixed in newer firmware revisions.
You should enable the downgrade protection mechanism if you choose to enable MCUboot's ``SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_MODE_OVERWRITE_ONLY`` Kconfig option, which disables the fallback recovery in case of a faulty upgrade.

.. _ug_matter_device_bootloader_image_compression:

Image compression
*****************

The :ref:`MCUboot image compression <mcuboot_image_compression>` feature allows you to reduce the size of the firmware image that is being installed.
This is done by compressing the image before it is written to the secondary slot.

Thanks to the compression, the secondary slot can be smaller than the primary one.
This is especially useful when you do not want to use external flash for the secondary slot, and you need to place it in the internal memory.

> You can enable it by setting the following Kconfig options in your application's sysbuild configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable this feature by setting the following Kconfig options in your application's sysbuild configuration file:
```
